Ukraine and the West have long accused
Russia of sending weapons to militants
in East Ukraine and soldiers to fight
alongside them in March US Army Europe
commander Ben hodges said that 12,000
Russian soldiers including military
advisors weapons operators and combat
troops are helping the insurgents fight
against Ukrainian troops NATO's deputy
chief Alexander Virgil meanwhile has
said that Russian leaders are less and
less in a position where they can
incredibly deny the large numbers of
dead Russian soldiers as a result of the
fighting in East Ukraine despite all
this Russian President Vladimir Putin
continues to deny that their regular
Russian soldiers in the Donbass but in
today's press review we're going to look
at another piece of evidence which
contradicts Putin's denials this time it
comes from within Russia itself is an
exclusive report by Russian online
newspaper gazeta are you the outlet has
investigated dozens of instances of
Russian soldiers abandoning their
military positions at a fear of being
sent to Ukraine at Ukraine today we've
translated some of the soldiers accounts
contained in the piece the authors of
the article and rekha shook lady murder
gases and elizaveta matana right 23 old
soldier Anatoly Kudrin from the mic up
counter intelligence brigade has been
convicted for abandoning his position
while an active duty he's been sentenced
to six months in a military prison two
more soldiers are in custody and there
is an ongoing investigation of several
other contract servicemen according to
lawyers the soldiers left their training
ground queda mas ski in the Rostov
region because they feared they were
going to be sent to fight in the war in
the Donbass in another case 27 year old
sergeant and career soldier Pavel to
genco was also sent to the Adamski
training ground but later abandoned his
position and was arrested for it in this
official military tribunal statement he
writes having familiarized myself with
the court order I have come to the
conclusion that my testimony is not
reflected in the part about failing to
carry out an order
I did not carry out the order because I
did not want to go against the oath I
took and I did not want to take part in
the fighting in East Ukraine please make
this remark in the court order in
another statement the journalists
collected one Russian soldier said
people came to the training site to try
and campaign for us to go to Ukraine
their motivation was money they promised
eight thousand rubles a day so as this
article has shown more and more reports
are coming to light both inside and
outside Russia on the number of Russian
soldiers being found in the Donbass
region moscas denials of involvement in
the undeclared war with Ukraine are
therefore becoming even more implausible
that's all we have time for today join
us again tomorrow for another press
review in Kiev this is tamara rose van
for Ukraine today